feat: Updated `TF Contribution Guide` and aligned with `Bicep Contribution Guide` (#728)
Azure/Azure-Verified-Modules: docs/content/contributing/terraform/prerequisites.md

{{< toc >}}

## GitHub Account Link and Access

> To contribute to this project, you need to have a GitHub account which is [linked](https://repos.opensource.microsoft.com/link) to your Microsoft FTE corporate identity account and be a member of the [Azure](https://repos.opensource.microsoft.com/orgs/Azure) organisation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To contribute to this project, you need to have a personal GitHub account which is [linked](https://repos.opensource.microsoft.com/link) to your Microsoft corporate identity and be a member of the [Azure](https://repos.opensource.microsoft.com/orgs/Azure) organization.
```
